# Hikari —— zkLogin for Starknet

Hikari is a zkLogin scheme for Starknet that simplifies the onboarding process using Web2 credentials through zero-knowledge proof technology. It allows users to set up and recover wallets with one click while keeping Web2 and on-chain identities separate. Supported by Starknet Foundation, Hikari enhances the wallet experience by bridging security and convenience, enabling seamless and secure access to the Starknet ecosystem.

## Table of Contents Meaning

- `/build`：The subsequent files generated by the compilation of circuit files will be stored in this directory, including the proof key and verification key of the circuit、r1cs、witness...

- `/circuits`：Key circuit files.
  - `/circuits/ptau`：The Ptau file of bn128 is used for the tau command during the circuit setup phase.

- `/script`：Store Node.js script `testJWT.js`，Its function is to generate circuit input files `testJWT_verify.json`。

- `/shell`：Store shell scripts for compiling circuits `testJWT_verify.sh`，Circuit input file `testJWT_verify.json`。

- `/src`：assist `testJWT.js`execute.

## Testing Procedure

0. install nodejs、[circom environment](https://docs.circom.io/getting-started/installation/#installing-circom)。

1. Execute on the command line：
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
   Download the libraries required for Node.js scripts.

2. Download the Ptau file from [GitHub](https://github.com/iden3/snarkjs#:~:text=and%20verification%20keys.-,NOTE,-Ptau%20files%20for) and store it in `/circuits/ptau`.It is recommended to download a Ptau file with a power of 25 or 26, which represents the capacity constraints of `2**25` and `2**26`.

3. Replace `script/testJWT.js`'s `token` with the credentials JWT for this test.

4. Execute on the command line：
   ```sh
   node script/testJWT.js
   ```
   At this point, the generation of `testJWT_verify.json` can be observed in `/shell`.

5. Jump to `/shell` directory and call shell：
   ```sh
   cd /shell
   ./testJWT_verify.sh
   ```
   This command takes a long time to run. After running, it can be observed that the Solidity verification contract for the circuit project, `DID_Verifier.sol`, has been generated in `/build/testJWT_verify`.

### P.S: The partial circuit files and verification contracts generated during the last test have been stored in `/build/testJWT_verify/`.
